README.md, before:

# KLN 90B

This is a simulation of the Bendix/King KLN 90B GPS for the Microsoft Flight Simulator.

## Pilots

Download the current version on the [releases page](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/releases/latest). This package
only contains the GPS device. To use the KLN 90B, you will need
an [aircraft that incorporates this project](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/Aircraft-using-the-KLN-90B).

Documentation for the real device:

https://www.bendixking.com/content/dam/bendixking/en/documents/document-lists/downloads-and-manuals/006-08774-0000-KLN-90B-Abbreviated-Operations-Manual.pdf

https://www.bendixking.com/content/dam/bendixking/en/documents/document-lists/downloads-and-manuals/006-08773-0000-KLN-90B-Pilots-Guide.pdf

You can join our Discord community here:

[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/1203664270282334248/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/ZdQ6htedtT)

### Keyboard Mode

When a cursor is active, left click on the CRSR indication to switch to keyboard mode. While KYBD is flashing, the
simulator will disable all inputs, including joystick inputs. To leave keyboard mode, right click anywhere on the
screen.

Mapping:

* Home, End: Outer knob
* Page up, Page down: Inner knob
* Enter: ENT
* Delete: CLR
* A-Z, 0-9 and backspace work in certain text and number fields

## FAQ

Please see the [Wiki](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/FAQ) for answers to common questions.

## Aircraft developers

Include the following entry in your panel.cfg:

```
[VcockpitXX]
size_mm = 860,388
pixel_size = 860,388
texture=$KLN90B_Screen
htmlgauge00=NavSystems/GPS/KLN90B/KLN90B.html, 0, 0, 860,388
```

It is also advisable to use a [panel.xml](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/panel.xml-customization) for
configuration.

Aircraft should only interact with the KLN 90B via H Events. The events are listed
in [HEvents.ts](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/HEvents.ts). A
few [LVars](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/LVars.ts) are available for animations.

The [Wiki](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki)  contains further useful information, such
as [Hot Swapping/Package detection
](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/Hot-Swapping-and-Package-Detection) and [External Annunciators
](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/External-Annunciators).

You are free to include the KLN 90B into your aircraft. If you do, write me a message. so I can include it in the list of aircraft that use the KLN 90B. If your aircraft is a payware aircraft, I would be happy to receive a copy.

## Contributors

Feel free to open issues or send pull requests.

The entry class is [KLN90B.tsx](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/KLN90B.tsx). Other interesting
classes are [MainPage.tsx](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/pages/MainPage.tsx)
and [PageTreeController.tsx](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/pages/PageTreeController.ts).

Numbers in the comments in the format 1-12 reference a page in
the [manual](https://www.bendixking.com/content/dam/bendixking/en/documents/document-lists/downloads-and-manuals/006-08773-0000-KLN-90B-Pilots-Guide.pdf)
that contains further information and reference.

## License

This project is licensed under The GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0.

Commit message:

Added a note regarding the version numbers and the supported simulators

README.md, after:

# KLN 90B

This is a simulation of the Bendix/King KLN 90B GPS for the Microsoft Flight Simulator.

## Pilots

Download the current version on the [releases page](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/releases/latest). This package
only contains the GPS device. To use the KLN 90B, you will need
an [aircraft that incorporates this project](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/Aircraft-using-the-KLN-90B).

> [!NOTE]  
> Version 2.x is only compatible with MSFS 2024.  
> Version 1.x is only compatible with MSFS 2020.

Documentation for the real device:

https://www.bendixking.com/content/dam/bendixking/en/documents/document-lists/downloads-and-manuals/006-08774-0000-KLN-90B-Abbreviated-Operations-Manual.pdf

https://www.bendixking.com/content/dam/bendixking/en/documents/document-lists/downloads-and-manuals/006-08773-0000-KLN-90B-Pilots-Guide.pdf

You can join our Discord community here:

[![Discord](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/1203664270282334248/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/ZdQ6htedtT)

### Keyboard Mode

When a cursor is active, left click on the CRSR indication to switch to keyboard mode. While KYBD is flashing, the
simulator will disable all inputs, including joystick inputs. To leave keyboard mode, right click anywhere on the
screen.

Mapping:

* Home, End: Outer knob
* Page up, Page down: Inner knob
* Enter: ENT
* Delete: CLR
* A-Z, 0-9 and backspace work in certain text and number fields

## FAQ

Please see the [Wiki](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/FAQ) for answers to common questions.

## Aircraft developers

Include the following entry in your panel.cfg:

```
[VcockpitXX]
size_mm = 860,388
pixel_size = 860,388
texture=$KLN90B_Screen
htmlgauge00=NavSystems/GPS/KLN90B/KLN90B.html, 0, 0, 860,388
```

It is also advisable to use a [panel.xml](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/panel.xml-customization) for
configuration.

Aircraft should only interact with the KLN 90B via H Events. The events are listed
in [HEvents.ts](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/HEvents.ts). A
few [LVars](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/LVars.ts) are available for animations.

The [Wiki](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki)  contains further useful information, such
as [Hot Swapping/Package detection
](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/Hot-Swapping-and-Package-Detection) and [External Annunciators
](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/wiki/External-Annunciators).

You are free to include the KLN 90B into your aircraft. If you do, write me a message. so I can include it in the list of aircraft that use the KLN 90B. If your aircraft is a payware aircraft, I would be happy to receive a copy.

## Contributors

Feel free to open issues or send pull requests.

The entry class is [KLN90B.tsx](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/KLN90B.tsx). Other interesting
classes are [MainPage.tsx](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/pages/MainPage.tsx)
and [PageTreeController.tsx](https://github.com/falcon71/kln90b/blob/main/kln90b/pages/PageTreeController.ts).

Numbers in the comments in the format 1-12 reference a page in
the [manual](https://www.bendixking.com/content/dam/bendixking/en/documents/document-lists/downloads-and-manuals/006-08773-0000-KLN-90B-Pilots-Guide.pdf)
that contains further information and reference.

## License

This project is licensed under The GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0.
